There are several hints that you may consider if the program does not work for you.


  * First of all, download the latest archive (beta-0.3)  or always checkout the latest revision from the SVN. Until all the basic functionalities are working specially wireless card detection, the program is still far from being called a beta release, hence the trailing beta version numbers. In this regard, changes to the source will be committed anytime. 

  * Make sure the card's driver is properly and freshly loaded

  * Make sure no old processes of aircrack-ng and wepbuster are running (pkill -9 air && pkill -9 perl)

  * You must not put the card in monitor mode. The program does this for you.

  * Upon starting the program, it should show the inject interface and monitor interface plus the mac address
   Ex. MODE: crack         (using: wlan0/mon0 === 00:c0:ca:1a:0e:41). Verify if this is correct. Don't bother continuing otherwise.

  * If wireless card and mac address detection did not work for you, just specify your $inject_iface and $monitor_iface as well as the $macaddress inside the script. This will save you from a lot of trouble. Submit a new issue, mentioning the details of your setup.
 
  * If you have set the interfaces manually and the program still did not find any AP, are you inside a writable directory? Did you manually run airodump-ng using the $monitor_iface (with -t wep -n-w) and still there are WEP APs around and airodump-ng was able to write the csv file within that $scan_duration? 

  * Did you change your aircrack-ng sources and recompile as according to the instructions? If using my pre-compiled aircrack-ng and airodump-ng, make sure wepbuster is executing them and not the unmodified versions. Otherwise, you might see the error: "Cannot open airodump output". Change $airodumpwait and $scan_duration accordingly if using an unmodified aircrack-ng and airodump-ng. 

  * What do you see when you do a "ps ax |grep perl && ps ax |grep air" while running the program? Did you verify that you can run all those commands manually? someone has reported that "airodump-ng -n" does not work in BT4. This is the very first aircrack-ng command run by wepbuster. If this feature is something that the aircrack-ng authors have removed, I will probably fix it. 

  * Better don't use a live CD yet. Use a linux installation (it can be inside vmware but is better otherwise so you won't think the program runs slow) and then modify the aircrack-ng sources as mentioned in the front page. If you use a live CD and you can't use a modified aircrack-ng, then you must set $airodumpwait and $scan_duration accordingly. 

  * Make sure to capture your terminal session so that I can review the output of the program. My regular expression skillz could slip from time to time..

  * Create a new issue when all else fails and answer those annoying questions I have prepared for you